In the last lecture we set up our accounts service and hooked it up on our app and still our app seems
to be broken.
They click the buttons the status has not changed.
So somehow our code is not working.
Actually it's working correctly.
We're just using services wrong here in this specific case.
We're not using the service in the way we should use it in our app.
What's going wrong.
The angular dependency injector actually is a hierarchical injector that means that if we provide a
service in some place of our app let's say on one component the angular framework knows how to create
an instance off that service for this component and important all its child components.
And actually this component and all its child components and the child components of the child components
will receive the same instance of the service.
There are other places where we can provide a service to the highest possible level.
It's the app module.
We haven't done this yet but we will see this soon.
If we provide a service there the app module does have a provider's arrayed the same instance and that's
important.
The same instance of the class of the service is available in our whole app in all components in all
directories in all avarice services where we maybe inject a service.
Yes we can inject services into services.
I'll come back to this the next level for example would be DIAK component there the app component and
all its child components do have the same instance of the service.
And this is true for any component.
So even if we have a child of the app component if we provided on that child all the children of this
child will have the same instance and the child itself but not the up component.
The instances don't propagate up.
They only go down that tree of components the lowest level therefore is a single component with no child
components.
If we provide a service starer this component will have its own instance off the service and well it
doesnt have any child components.
So this instance will only be available for this component and this will actually even overwrite if
we were to provide the same service on a higher level.
And that's exactly what we're doing.
So let's take a closer look in the next lecture